Now that you've built your model,
we need to evaluate it.
After completing this section,
you'll be able to use a Brier score and
also common metrics to evaluate the models you build.
It's time for more terms.
I bet you thought we were done with those.
So for this course,
we will assume some exposure to
common evaluation metrics used for classification and regression.
These terms should hopefully be familiar and we will not cover them.
This might be a familiar term to many of you,
but I want to reiterate that
this precision recall tradeoff occurs often in health care EHR models.
There's often some level of precision that you must align with and
then some capture rate or recall that you're trying to improve.
This balance between the two is a necessary tradeoff and
a key component that you must communicate with non-technical stakeholders,
who might have unrealistic views of the impact or capabilities of AI.
A metric that you might not be familiar with though is a Brier score.
It is primarily used in weather forecasting for
estimating the probability of certainty of a forecast.
For this course, we will use it to convert a probability prediction with
a binary outcome to a format that we can use for ranking risk or uncertainty.
So let's go over the equation for the Brier score.
Brier scores are used for binary predictions and is simpler than it looks.
Basically, you take the probability forecast on a 0-1 scale,
which is F_t and subtract that from O_t,
which is the actual value,
which is a binary zero and one value.
You then square the difference of this value and take
the summation of these squared differences from t equals one to n,
the total number of predictions.
Then finally, divide by n the total number of predictions.
Then you get the Brier score which ranges from zero and one or lower is better.
Zero is the best score and one is the worst score.